Anything Request Live

1. The anythingbot is currently broadcasting a video feed 24/7

    1.1 The default video feed may be interrupted by preempting to demonstrate the
	concept of dynamically replacing one video feed with another

2. As of 5/19/2015 the video feed is clunky:

	2.1 It requires the user to reload the page when a youtube video or soundcloud
	track ends.
	
	2.2 The video preemption does not push a page reload from the server...all
	users must reload the video feed in order to watch the preempting feed.

3. Point 2.1 can be addressed with a call to setTimeout in the browser client at
time of page load corresponding to the remaining duration of the current youtube
video / soundcloud track. Point 2.2 can be addressed with websockets

4. Example application: "Anything Request Live". Create a reddit thread in
/r/botwillacceptanything with the title "ARL 5/25/2015 8:00pm PDT". The bot polls
the subreddit every 20 minutes and puts up a sign (akin to the "voting started"
sign/template for github PRs) saying voting has started for the ARL program that
will air at the time specified in the title of the thread. Reddit users then
post youtube videos / soundcloud tracks in top-level comments in the thread. Call
such a thread an "ARL announcement thread". The top-level comment must contain the
same data as a media entry in lib/media.js (name, duration, URL,
youtube/soundcloud ...yes this should be denormalized, when people vote they
should know these details without having to click through to the media content).
It will now be possible for reddit users to vote on the content they would like to
see when the program airs.

At the program "air time" (the time and date specified in the title of the
announcement thread) the video feed is preempted with:

    4.1 an introduction ("MTV's TRL Opening Sequence Fall '04" 
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QCZe5yCujkY 0:00:15) followed by

	4.2 the top 10 media items played in sequence (in order from 10th to 1st)
	ranked by the number of votes in the announcement thread.
	
5. In order to implement this, bot must be able to:

    5.1 extract data from reddit threads
	
	5.2 parse reddit comments and turn them into media items

	5.3 count reddit comment votes (and cache data from 5.2 and 5.3)
	
	5.3 assemble the ARL program playlist

	5.4 schedule the program air date and time

The bot can poll /r/botwillacceptanything once every 20 minutes looking for ARL
announcement threads. Once it sees a thread, it will check for sanity (the air
date must be in the future, among other things) and post a "voting started" sign
with the voting rules. It will also check the comments. Any comments with
malformed media item entries will be flagged (the bot will comment on the
top-level comment indicating that it can't process the media item).

For diagnostics and testing, the http endpoint /arl can display information about
the next ARL program to air (the media items submitted to the announcement thread
and the current ranking) all taken from the anythingbot's cache (the anythingbot
will cache the relevant data for ARL programs just as it does for PRs)

This means that the votes could be up to 20 minutes out of date. In order to keep
reddit users from gaming the votes near the air time, the bot can slightly
randomize the time it compiles the ARL votes (just as it does with the PR votes).
In any case reddit doesn't support webhooks in the same way github does, so
polling will have to do.


